docs: mention autoimport resolveComponent only works with literal strings (#31511)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/1.components.md

```

::important

> If you are using `resolveComponent` to handle dynamic components, make sure not to insert anything but the name of the component, which must be a literal string (template strings are not valid) and not a variable.
> The string is statically analyzed at compilation step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `resolveComponent` to handle dynamic components, make sure not to insert anything but the name of the component, which must be a literal string and not be or contain a variable. The string is statically analyzed at compilation step.
```
